wedding-en.md, before:

---
layout: wedding_theme
title: Wedding
title_long: Ondine & Stefano
wedding_date: 24th of August 2024
permalink: /wedding-en
---


After living together through many adventures, we would like to celebrate with you the start of our most important one: our wedding!

Please confirm your attendance [here](#conferma).

## Organization

- When? Saturday August 24th, 2024, at 4:30 PM.
- Where? Agriturismo Cascina Fiamberta, Via Alzaia Pavese 31, 27012 Certosa di Pavia, Italy.
    - By car: ample parking is available in the courtyard of the agritourism. The last part of the road is next to a bike path.
    - By public transport: do not hesitate to contact us if you need a carpool.
        - Nearest airports:
            - Milano Linate: connected to Milan by subway.
            - Milano Malpensa: connected to Milan by train.
            - Milano Orio al Serio: further away, connected to Milan by bus.
        - Nearest train stations (direct from many stations in Milan):
            - Pavia: then a bus goes to Certosa di Pavia (infrequent in the evening).
            - Certosa di Pavia.
- What is the program? There will be a symbolic ceremony first, then an aperitif, dinner and an evening of celebration.

{% include fiamberta_map.html %}

## RSVP {#conferma}

Please respond to our invitation by filling out [this form](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSe9zNCWWGaaH4DYbEGRtSXPWIFe17hMcJD6UFUNsbGItwdbsg/viewform?usp=sf_link) by April 30th, 2024.
You can inform us of any dietary restrictions and leave us a little message if you wish!

## Accommodation

Do not hesitate to contact us, and we will provide you with directions and addresses for different places to stay.

## Civil wedding

For the civil wedding we will get married in the town hall in Switzerland in the weeks before.
We have not yet decided on the date.
If you would like to participate in the civil ceremony as well, you are of course welcome.
On August 24th we will hold a symbolic ceremony and the party.

![](/assets/wedding_main_photo.jpg)

## Gift

The gift that would make us happiest is your presence at our wedding, and that is more than enough! 
If you still want to do something more, we would be very touched by a contribution to our honeymoon and our future life together. 
You can find our banking details and leave us a message [here.](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSdVuDnrX9amj0AdRnc4_zaBlZO92A2GxR2uK33NTl3BSh2YGQ/viewform?usp=pp_url) We thank you from the bottom of our hearts!

Commit message:

Added the day after information
Signed-off-by: Savarè, Stefano <stefano.savare@adesso.ch>

wedding-en.md, after:

---
layout: wedding_theme
title: Wedding
title_long: Ondine & Stefano
wedding_date: 24th of August 2024
permalink: /wedding-en
---


After living together through many adventures, we would like to celebrate with you the start of our most important one: our wedding!

Please confirm your attendance [here](#conferma).

## Organization

- When? Saturday August 24th, 2024, at 4:30 PM.
- Where? Agriturismo Cascina Fiamberta, Via Alzaia Pavese 31, 27012 Certosa di Pavia, Italy.
    - By car: ample parking is available in the courtyard of the agritourism. The last part of the road is next to a bike path.
    - By public transport: do not hesitate to contact us if you need a carpool.
        - Nearest airports:
            - Milano Linate: connected to Milan by subway.
            - Milano Malpensa: connected to Milan by train.
            - Milano Orio al Serio: further away, connected to Milan by bus.
        - Nearest train stations (direct from many stations in Milan):
            - Pavia: then a bus goes to Certosa di Pavia (infrequent in the evening).
            - Certosa di Pavia.
- What is the program? There will be a symbolic ceremony first, then an aperitif, dinner and an evening of celebration.

{% include fiamberta_map.html %}

## RSVP {#conferma}

Please respond to our invitation by filling out [this form](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSe9zNCWWGaaH4DYbEGRtSXPWIFe17hMcJD6UFUNsbGItwdbsg/viewform?usp=sf_link) by April 30th, 2024.
You can inform us of any dietary restrictions and leave us a little message if you wish!

## Accommodation

Do not hesitate to contact us, and we will provide you with directions and addresses for different places to stay.

## The day after

Many people will come from far away and stay overnight in Pavia.
For those who wish, the next day we will meet informally in a place to be defined.
Feel free to participate or not according to what suits you best.

## Civil wedding

For the civil wedding we will get married in the town hall in Switzerland in the weeks before.
We have not yet decided on the date.
If you would like to participate in the civil ceremony as well, you are of course welcome.
On August 24th we will hold a symbolic ceremony and the party.

![](/assets/wedding_main_photo.jpg)

## Gift

The gift that would make us happiest is your presence at our wedding, and that is more than enough! 
If you still want to do something more, we would be very touched by a contribution to our honeymoon and our future life together. 
You can find our banking details and leave us a message [here.](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSdVuDnrX9amj0AdRnc4_zaBlZO92A2GxR2uK33NTl3BSh2YGQ/viewform?usp=pp_url) We thank you from the bottom of our hearts!
